We’re negotiating on rent for a gaming location. 🤞🏻 If we can get it down to the right price, we’ll sign a 3-year lease by the end of the week.

It’ll take 1-2 weeks for the charitable gaming application to be approved and 2-4 weeks to get all the machines in and ready to open the doors, so probably around mid august. 

We’ll pay $20/hr for 20hrs a week. Not all hours have to be on location. Remote work can be arranged. Must be 18 to work on location while gaming activities are happening. 

Maggie I want you to be in charge of food and bevs. So maybe you work on location for 4 hr shifts 2-3 times a week and do the rest of your work at home. Reordering stuff, planning menus, arranging or providing catering, etc. We’ll uber you until the car situation improves.

Eli we can have you do other things. Like janitorial duties in the mornings before we open. Restocking. Handyman stuff.  Maybe help Colin with babysitting if hes in school and Matt and I both have to be at work. Rest assured, we’ll figure out something that will give you some consistent pocket money.

The location is just behind the mediterranean food store on Russellville rd. It’s an old apartment leasing offices/lobby thats been renovated.

This the beginning of our family business. With this revenue as a foundation, we can create jobs for everyone. 

Eli, You and your dad want to start your own plumbing company… I can find a developer grant and we can build a whole neighborhood with free gov money. 

We keep money in the businesses and family trusts. On a personal level, like if you were paying taxes or apply for benefits like snap, you make just enough but not too much. 

Then the businesses buy work vehicles, work phone plans, work clothes, etc. 

We stay poor on paper while everyone gets free college, medical insurance etc until the business bank accounts are flush, and all of us who work in the family business has perfect personal credit, a home, vehicles, anything that counts as basic living essentials. 